 two thirds of the work, not even one half. If we fail to complete the programme of work by the end of June, it will only show that our will and capacity to win swaraj are not great. The collections at Bhusaval and Sangamner could be taken as on the whole satisfactory, but at Yeola, I must say, the collections came almost to nothing. Yeola is a rich town. It has Gujarati business men settled there for the last 200 years and yet the amount collected there for the Tilak Swaraj Fund was the smallest. It is true, of course, that one person alone in Yeola gave Rs. 20,000 for a national school. But, then negotiations for the donation had been going on for a long time. The donor, besides, is well known for his charitable disposition. For the Tilak Fund, however, contributions were to be collected from the general public. The total collections from all, men and women, must have come hardly to Rs. 300, while a small village near Yeola, which we passed on the way, gave the same amount. IN A DILEMMA At Yeola I was in a serious dilemma. I was called there specially to receive the Rs. 20,000 mentioned above and to open the national school. We arrived at Yeola at 10 p.m. A public meeting was held at the dead of night, at 1 a.m. I was tired beyond words. After a whole days journey by car, I had to keep awake. At the meeting, I talked of the national school. While there, I heard that they were going to teach English in the school even this year. To be sure, I was not happy to have to inaugurate such a school but, after expressing my views about teaching English, I said a few words about the starting of the school. I swallowed this one bitter draught. The following day was my sacred day of silence, but I had agreed, all the same, to go and open the school with out speaking. And now I learnt that untouchables were not to be admitted to the school. I have inaugurated many schools but I had not, during this year at any rate, inaugurated a single one like this. I had to send word to the managers of the school that I could not go to inaugurate a school of this type, and the result was that I did not. I was faced, in Karachi, with a similar difficulty about inaugurating a swadeshi store. It was stocked with all manner of goods and so I had to refuse to inaugurate it in the same way that I refused to inaugu rate the school. I should not be asked to associate myself with any activities which obstruct the non co operation programme or anything else on which I hold strong views. [From Gujarati] Navajivan, 29 5 1921