 benevolent spinning expert takes this work in hand, he can get it going and, perhaps, make some good Burmese interested in it. A number of Burmese have taken a pledge to take up this work. Every address received from them certainly contained praises of the spinning wheel. Now a few words specially about Gujaratis. Because their economic condition is good, they are in a position to carry on a number of benevolent activities. In this article I wish to speak only of the Gujarati National School. They have a costly building. The school has a good number of pupils. There is no doubt that the Gujaratis need a good school. The exiting school has much room for improvement and addition. The school building is small. It is situated in a quarter where the boys and girls have no place to play in. If technical skill is to be imparted there, there is no place to house a small workshop. It has hardly enough accommodation even for the existing number of pupils and classes. Hence, there is need for a building with a playground adjoining it. If it is situated at a distance, so that boys and girls cannotwalk to it, arrangements should be made to provide transport. This facility is provided in many places. The number of classes must be increased. It is not beyond the financial capacity of the Gujaratis in Rangoon to advance as far as the Vinaya Mandir. This school appears to be national in name only. It should be made truly national and the people should take a firm pledge. There should be a clause in its trust deed that the school will remain national always and will never take help from the Government or seek refuge under its name. Instruction in Indian accountancy, Hindi, music and commerce should be made compulsory in the school. It should adopt the curriculum from the Gujarat Vidyapith and it should be inspected by the Vidyapith. If this school is placed on a sound foundation, its administration is improved and if the point about the control of the building and funds is clarified, Shri Chhotubhai Galiara has placed in my hands a letter promising to pay the school Rs. 50,000 immediately. It is his desire to have his name connected with the school in some way. But he has left it to the wishes of the committee or the Gujarati citizens whether this should or should not be done. I fully hope that the Gujaratis of Rangoon will not deny themselves this gift. The school must be well organized. I have suggested that a board of trustees comprising donors of substantial sums, e.g., a minimum of Rs. 1,000 should be constituted. These should appoint a managing committee of 10 or 15 members and set