 risked its very existence in order to uphold it. Workers who were collecting funds for the Tilak Swaraj Fund let go, for the same reason, donations which had been actually promised. I should like the religious minded members of the Governing Board, the teachers and other citizens of Wadhwan to be ready to follow this principle and uphold dharma. The citizens of Wadhwan are wise. They are generous. They are not bigots, but are true lovers of religionthis is the impression they have always produced on me. In that town, Antyajas should not be despised. Let its national school welcome Antyaja pupils, encourage them, and let the other parents look upon it as dharma to send their children to a school attended by Antyajas. I request them to consider this matter with a mature judgment and exclusively from a moral point of view and see that the pledge once taken is kept. The general rules of the school can be changed, but no one can alter the principle on which the school has been founded. That school has been dedicated to a certain cause, and the dedication is as unalte rable as the scroll of Destiny. The utmost that can be done is this. Those parents who have a religious objection can withdraw their children. But the members of the Governing Board or the teachers have no justification at all to leave. They should be determined to run the school even if it has only one pupil, an Antyaja. in that lies the prestige of the school, the teachers, the members of the Governing Board and of Wadhwan. Indeed, there will be many such difficulties in the fight for swaraj, for dharma ! We have decided to use only two means in this struggle: truth and non violence. If the principle on which the school was founded is altered, it will mean abandoning truth and non vio lence. It is the essential teaching of all religions that one may sacrifice ones wealth, honour, family or life, but never truth, which on this occasion means our pledge, and non violence, which here means love for Antyajas. On the measure we fail in this, we fail in dharma. Religion will not be in danger if all children leave the school, nor will